hey everybody it's David and if you
can't tell i have not shaven in a few
days and that's because 1 i'm having way
too much fun with some of these apps i
downloaded and 2 is because we've been
working very hard on the brand new off
top forums and not because i've been
spending most of my time on the app's
maybe anyway i'm very happy to say that
the octo forms are finally open and if
you go to the description you'll find a
link that will take you straight there
on the new form you'll find things like
general discussion about ocarina is how
to make ocarina as places you can buy
them around the world reviews tabs sheet
music you can even request sheet music
and there's a whole bunch more there's
even a special section where you can
contribute and be a part of future
episodes of off top finally you remember
last week that i mentioned having a
small ocarina gathering in my hometown
and that's still going to happen on
january twenty third there's a link in
the description for the facebook event
page where you can RSVP if renowned
Facebook or just post a comment below if
you think you'll be coming me and won't
keep expecting you and if you live
absolutely nowhere near San Antonio
Texas don't worry because we're also
going to be using this forum to help
organize meetups around the world but
the only way to make sure that a meetups
happening near your hometown you have to
go to the forum and join so thanks so
much for watching and I hope to see you
on Ock talk
woot